{{START-SCREEN}}

You are Wanda from the first Burrito Quest. Randy has wronged you. You heard that Randy was at a party thrown by Steve the ambulance driver. You have just arrived at the party. WHAT DO?

A) Talk to Steve, the ambulance driver
B) Do a kegstand

IF DO A KEGSTAND {{kegstand-1}}

You decide perhaps the best way to blend in with the crowd is to participate in a kegstand. You ask for volunteers to hold your legs. The protagonist from the first Burrito Quest appears! He says "Hi, I'm the protagonist from the first Burrito Quest. Can I hold your legs for you?" "Why certainly, bitch!" you growl. "How long of a kegstand are you looking to do?" WHAT DO?

A) Respond "28 seconds!" - You survive {{kegstand-2}}
B) Respond "29 seconds!" - Get trophy! *** {{kegstand-3}}
C) "As long as your weakass man arms can take it, baby!" - YOU DIE {{kegstand-death}}

{{kegstand-2}}
As you flip right side up from the kegstand, you notice a Magic Eye book and set of sunglasses poking out of the protagonist from the first Burrito Quest's pockets. "Wow, that was fun," says the protagonist. "Now who else wants me to hold their legs for a kegstand?" A random girl emerges from the crowd - "I do, protagonist! You're too kind." He lifts up the girl's feet, only partially paying attention to you. WHAT DO?

{{kegstand-3}}
put something here

A) Ask the protagonist about Randy {{ask-randy-1}}
B) Steal Magic Eye book from protagonist ***
C) Steal sunglasses from protagonist ***
D) Go talk to Steve, the ambulance driver {{talk-steve}}

IF ASK PROTAGONIST ABOUT RANDY {{ask-randy-1}}

"Oh, you mean Randy Shmeckles? I heard he was coming tonight, but I haven't seen him yet."

{{talk-steve}}

You shuffle your way over to Steve, the ambulance driver. He sees you approaching, and visibly tightens up a bit. "H-h-hey Wanda. What do you want?"

A) Ask if you can have his wallet, "Just to borrow" ***
B) Ask if he has drugs. Steve the ambulance driver always has drugs. ***
C) Ask about Randy {{ask-randy-2}}

IF ASK FOR DRUGS {{ask-drugs}}

"Why sure I have drugs. After all, I'm Steve the ambulance driver! Oh shoot, I think all I got left is this mystery variety sack I got of the street for $12. I'm nervous to use them, but if it'll get you to leave me alone, they're all yours!" He hands you the sack.

A) Take drugs immediately - DEAD {{take-drugs-death}}
B) Ask about Randy {{ask-randy-2}}
C) Ask if you can have his wallet ***

IF ASK FOR WALLET {{steal-wallet}}

"You know what, Wanda? You're so terrifying to me that I will 100% give you my wallet if it means staying on your good side. Just let me grab my bus pass out of it real quick." Steve takes his bus pass out of the wallet and hands it to you. Wow, that was easy.

A) Take drugs immediately - DEAD {{take-drugs-death}}
B) Ask about Randy {{ask-randy-2}}

IF ASK ABOUT RANDY {{ask-randy-2}}

"Do you know if Randy's here?" "Yeah, he just showed up actually! I think he's out in the backyard. But he won't be around forever, he's got a lateshift at the hospital tonight. I think he's reading Charlotte's Web to the children in the cancer ward!"

IF HAVE DRUGS {{}}

A) Go outside and approach Randy
B) Crouch behind the microwave to peek out the window and watch Randy

IF NO HAVE DRUGS

A) Go outside and approach Randy
B) Wait for him to leave Randy to leave

IF APPROACH RANDY

Randy sees you, points, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!" He backs away from you. "I WATCHED YOU DIE."  He starts sprinting in the opposite direction.
"YOU STILL OWE ME A BURRITO!" you yell as he escapes into the night. By morning he is probably half way to Bermuda....GAME OVER

IF WATCH RANDY

You eavesdrop on the backyard group's conversation. One of Randy's friends announces "Hey, bros! I'm about to mix up some sick cocktails! Get ready to be radded out!" Randy's cocktail-making buddy heads into the kitchen where you are awkwardly next to the microwave. Randy's buddy ignores your presence and starts with the sick bro cocktails. An idea dawns on you, but you're going to need a distraction... WHAT DO?

IF HAVE MAGIC EYE BOOK

A) Show Randy's friend the Magic Eye Book.
B) Mimic a bro voice and yell "FREE BURRITOS OUT FRONT, BROS!"
C) Ask dudebro about Randy

IF ASK ABOUT RANDY

"Oh Randy? He's so tight. I heard he rescued some puppies from a gas leak. He wound up adopting the two ugliest puppies from the litter out of sympathy and made mad sure to find a home for the rest of them. Those puppies owe EVERYTHING to Randy. I think he named his two Mac and Cheese. They're still ugly but shit if he didn't raise'em right."

IF YELL BURRITOS

Randy turns his head towards the kitchen window and sees you awkwardly staring at him. He recognizes you immediately. Randy points, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!" He backs away from the house. "I WATCHED YOU DIE."  He starts sprinting in the opposite direction. "YOU STILL OWE ME A BURRITO!" you yell as he escapes into the night. He presumably skips town and is never heard from again....GAME OVER

IF USE MAGIC EYE BOOK

You suggestively pull out your Magic Eye book and start fanning the pages out in dudebro's direction. "You wanna see a sailboat, sailor? All you gotta do is stare at this page." "Sailboat?! My stepdad had a sailboat! Until he got his BUI, that is. I miss that sailboat." Dudebro's attention is drawn towards the book. He almost forgets about the sick cocktails he's making. You inconspicuously inquire "So, which cup is Randy's?" Dudebro doesn't respond; he is clearly engaged with finding that sailboat. You play it safe and spike all of the drinks; as long as Randy gets drugged, you are one step closer to your goal of revenge. "Oh snap, there's the sailboat! I just had to cross my eyes a little bit. Wow, that's was a wholly satisfying experience. Thanks for showing me this Magic Eye book, Wanda! Here, you can have it back now." Dudebro resumes with topping off the cocktails and returns to the backyard. "Sorry man" says Randy, "I gotta be at work in 30 minutes, I'm gonna have to pass. Does anybody else want this extra cocktail?" "I SURE AS HELL DO!" exclaims Steve, the ambulance driver. "I don't have to work til 8am tomorrow. I should be fine as long as this cocktail isn't drugged. HAHAHAHA ;)" Steve chugs the whole drink in two gulps. DAMMIT YOUR PLAN DIDN'T WORK. FOILED BY RANDY AGAIN. Randy looks at his watch "Damn, I should probably leave now. Thanks again for inviting me, Steve the ambulance driver!" Randy grabs his backpack and starts walking around to the front of the house. You'd better follow him quick before you lose him. WHAT DO?

A) Follow Randy on foot
B) Steal Steve's bike to follow Randy

IF STEAL BIKE

You decide that the best way to follow Randy on foot is to steal Steve the ambulance driver's bike and pedal at a walker's pace. You keep your distance from Randy surprisingly well. You look down at the handlebars and notice that Steve the ambulance driver's bike has a shiny bell on it. NEATO! You can't resist the temptation: you ring the bell. DING DING! Randy stops in his tracks, turns his head slowly, and notices that it's you, Wanda, on the bike. Randy points, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!" He starts sprinting away "I WATCHED YOU DIE!" You attempt to catch up to Randy, but holy crap he is really fast! He escapes into the night, and you never see him again. GAME OVER

IF FOLLOW ON FOOT

You follow Randy on foot, being sure to hang back so he doesn't notice that it's you half a block back. He approaches the hospital on foot, and enters a wing. The sign above the entrance reads "CHILDREN'S CANCER WARD." Hanging around outside of the entrance is a kid with cancer holding a slingshot and a cop with a shiny pistol. WHAT DO?

A) Put on sunglasses
B) Bribe the kid for his slingshot ***
C) Bribe the cop for his shiny gun - DEAD
D) Enter hospital

IF BRIBE KID

"Hey kid, I'll give you $14 for your slingshot. That money could probably go towards your cancer treatment!" "First of all, I am 57 years old. Second, I don't have cancer, I just have male pattern baldness. I was going to give this as a present to my nephew, but I could sure use the money. I'm gonna net $4 out of this transaction! Here you go, have the slingshot! Take good care of it." You respond "Oh, I WILL."

A) Put on sunglasses
B) Bribe the cop for his shiny gun - DEAD
C) Enter hospital

IF GO INTO HOSPITAL WITHOUT SUNGLASSES

You stealthily enter the ward lobby. Right behind the front desk is Randy in a doctor's coat, filling out an important-looking form on an important-looking clipboard. He glances up at you, his peripheral vision drawn to your cyan poncho. He notices that it's YOU wearing the cyan poncho. He points and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!" He frisbees the clipboard and it dings you right in the forehead. "I WATCHED YOU DIE!" As you recover from the clipboard attack, Randy vanishes down a a hospital corridor. You never see him again. GAME OVER

IF GO INTO HOSPITAL WITH SUNGLASSES

You stealthily enter the ward lobby. Right behind the front desk is Randy in a doctor's coat, filling out an important-looking form on an important-looking clipboard. He glances up at you, his peripheral vision drawn to your cyan poncho. Thanks to your sunglasses disguise, he doesn't seem to notice that it's you, Wanda, staring back at him. He looks back down at the clipboard, makes a signature-writing motion with his pen, and then turns and heads through a door down the hall. This might be your chance...

A) Follow Randy into room.

IF GO INTO ROOM WITHOUT ANYTHING

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. You grin an evil grin and respond "And now I'll watch YOU die." Without a weapon, you have no choice but try and kill Randy with your bare hands. You wrap his hands around his neck. There is a struggle. In a desperate attempt to gain the upper hand, Randy reaches for his hardcover copy of Charlotte's Web and bludgeons you to death. Right before you take your last breath, you wheeze "now...I'll never...get my..burrito back!" GAME OVER

IF GO INTO ROOM WITH SLINGSHOT BUT NO DRUGS

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. You grin an evil grin and respond "And now I'll watch YOU die." You pull out your slingshot, draw it back, and fire nothing at him. It is not effective. As you attempt to reload nothing into your slingshot, Randy picks up the phone and dials security. A big beefy security lady charges into the room and tackles you to the ground. Randy sighs with relief "Thank GOD you were here to help. That woman you tackled is Wanda and she's absolutely bonkers!" Security lady locks you up in handcuffs and escorts you forcefully to the police officer outside. The officer says with pain in his voice "Why did you want to attack that man? He was good people." You mumble in response, "I just wanted my burrito back." GAME OVER

IF GO INTO ROOM WITH TROPHY AND SLINGSHOT BUT NO DRUGS

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. Randy quickly picks up the phone and dials security. "HELP! THERE'S A WOMAN IN HERE TRYING TO KILL-" you cut him off with a swift blow to the head with your beloved kegstand trophy!

IF GO INTO ROOM WITH DRUGS BUT NO SLINGSHOT

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. You pull out your bag of drugs, and grab a handful "I'm gonna force these down your throat!" Randy laughs and retorts "Wanda, you have like zero upper body strength. I'd like to see you try." You charge at Randy with a fistful of drugs aimed towards his face. Randy quickly counters with a sweep kick, and you go down like a sack of tacos. He quickly calls security and they promptly enter the room and handcuff you. As you're being dragged out of the hospital, Randy asks "Why, Wanda? WHY?" Breathing heavily, you slowly tilt your head up to make eye contact with him and respond "Because you owe me a burrito." You will never forget the look of confusion that this statement brought to Randy's face.

IF GO INTO ROOM WITH TROPHY AND DRUGS BUT NO SLINGSHOT

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. Randy quickly picks up the phone and dials security. "HELP! THERE'S A WOMAN IN HERE TRYING TO KILL-" you cut him off with a swift blow to the head with your beloved kegstand trophy!

IF GO INTO ROOM WITH SLINGSHOT AND DRUGS

You follow Randy into the room. It's a small examination room with only random and assorted medical supplies inside. You close the door behind you, and Randy hears the latch. He turns towards you, and screams "I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD! I WATCHED YOU DIE." You're blocking the door, he has nowhere to run this time. You load a drug into the slingshot chamber and retort "And now I get to watch YOU die!" As Randy screams "AHHHH!" with his mouth wide open, you draw the slingshot back and expertly fire the drug right down Randy's throat (picture the photon torpedo entering the Death Star at the end of A New Hope). A direct hit! Randy chokes briefly, and crumples to the floor as the drug takes effect.  

IF MAGIC EYE AND INCAPACITATED RANDY

You're standing over Randy's unconscious body. You take off his jacket, putting it on to conceal your identity. You spot a wheelchair in the corner, and a gurney. WHAT DO?

A) Wheelchair
B) Gurney

IF WHEELCHAIR

You grab the wheelchair and haul his body into it, putting on the sunglasses as a totally convincing disguise. You wheel Randy out towards the entrance of the hospital, and see the security guard by the door. WHAT DO?

A) Try to trick the Security guard with the magic eye book
B) Try and make a run for it

IF WHEELCHAIR

You grab the gurney and haul his body onto it, covering it with a sheet and putting on the sunglasses as a totally convincing disguise. You wheel Randy out towards the entrance of the hospital, and see the security guard by the door. WHAT DO?

A) Try to trick the Security guard with the magic eye book
B) Try and make a run for it - DEAD

BACK AT WANDAS HOUSE IF DEAD

You wheel the Randy all the way back to your place, about 5 miles, mostly uphill. You go to transfer his body and realize that it is cold to the touch. Uh oh, he is super dead. Now you will never be able to get the burrito he owed you. GAME OVER

BACK AT WANDAS HOUSE IF ALIVE

You wheel Randy all the way back to your place, about 5 miles, mostly uphill. You chain Randy's unconscious body to the fridge. While you wait for Randy to come to, you begin to arrange all sorts of burrito ingredients out in front of him. When Randy finally comes to, he begins to look around and eventually focuses in on you. "Randy, it is time for you to pay for wronging me. You will now construct a most delicious burrito for me." Randy replies "Wanda, how did I ever wrong you?". "Randy, do you remember March 23rd, 2012? It was on that day, that you threw away my burrito." "Wanda, that was a crusty, half-eaten burrito, and it had been in the fridge for 2 weeks. It was covered in mold." "I DON'T CARE IF IT HAD A MOLD HAT. YOU RUINED MY LIFE." "Wanda, you need to let it go." "Right after you fix this..." "I only lived with you for two weeks, I don't even know you." "Well, I certainly know YOU. Inside and out." "Oh really? Prove it."

PROVE IT

1) What are Randy's dogs' names?

A) Peanut-butter and Jelly
B) Mac and Cheese
C) Chicken and Waffles

2) What is Randy's last name?

A) Schneider
B) Shiller
C) Schmeckles

3) What book does Randy read to the cancer children?

A) Charlotte's Web
B) Black Beauty
C) Dante's Inferno

As you correctly answer Randy's absurd questions, he caves to your demands and begins constructing your burrito.

He lays a tortilla in a pan on the stove and warms it up.

He adds the cheese and meat and begins to warm them.

He adds the rice, beans, pico de gallo, guac, and sour cream and rolls it into a tight cylinder. You feel like this gesture is not enough. You go to your table and grab the pair of scissors next to your cactus. You slice Randy's jugular, untie him, and toss him into your closet. You feel yourself getting sleepy, and lay down to take a nap. LE FIN.

OR

You fail his quiz. "YOU DON'T KNOW ME!" Randy yells. "I don't owe you anything. I'd rather die than make you a burrito." "Have it your way," you shrug. You reach for the pair of scissors on your table next to your cactus and slice his jugular. You untie Randy and toss him into your closet. You feel hungry. Man, you could really go for a burrito. THE (UNSATISFYING) END
